better description of 'short' (#528)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/reference_appendices/special_variables.rst

        The inventory name for the 'current' host being iterated over in the play

    inventory_hostname_short

>         The short version of `inventory_hostname`, it is the first section after spliting it via ``.``.
>         So for the ``inventory_hostname`` of ``www.example.com``, the ``inventory_hostname_short`` would be ``www``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The short version of `inventory_hostname`, is the first section after splitting it via ``.``.
        So for the ``inventory_hostname`` of ``www.example.com``, the ``inventory_hostname_short`` would be ``www``.
```

>         So for the ``inventory_hostname`` of ``www.example.com``, the ``inventory_hostname_short`` would be ``www``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        As an example, for the ``inventory_hostname`` of ``www.example.com``, ``www`` would be the ``inventory_hostname_short``.
```
